About the Role: Artificial Intelligence is at the heart of Uber's products: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision and Generative AI power many user experiences in the Eater, Rider and Earner apps, as well as efficient marketplace and pricing algorithms, powerful safety mechanisms and personalization.
The Applied AI team at Uber is a multidisciplinary team of ML Engineers, Applied Scientists, Researchers, Backend Engineers, Mobile Engineers and AI Product Managers responsible for building compelling AI-driven user-facing experiences, and leading innovation in Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Personalization & Recommendations, Marketplace Optimization and Generative AI.
As a PM focusing on Core Personalization, you will be driving innovative AI-driven product experiences in close partnership with a variety of product teams across Uber, while building the foundation personalization layer that unifies user understanding & experiences across business verticals.
What the Candidate Will Do: Develop, articulate and execute a bold and visionary product strategy and roadmap for AI-driven personalization products and experiences that supports Uber's unified agent context, retrieval and ranking optimization, analytics and more. Work closely with cross-functional teams to define product requirements (PRDs), prioritize features, and deliver high-quality AI products that meet user needs and drive business objectives. Collaborate with engineering, data science and design teams. Stay up-to-date with the latest AI industry trends and emerging technologies and be an AI thought leader driving innovation across Uber.
Basic Qualifications: 5+ years of true technical Product Management experience delivering highly successful AI products at scale. A Computer Science or Engineering degree (preferably Masters). Strong technical background in AI/ML and GenAI space: comfortable discussing deep technical topics with engineering teams and platform users, including AI/ML systems, their trade-offs, and designing evals.
Preferred Qualifications: Previous experience as an ML Engineer or Data Scientist highly preferred. Ability to thrive in cross-functional environments and work backward from customer needs. Data-driven decision-making and a driver personality. High attention to detail, proven multi-tasking. Very strong communication skills. Passion for Uber's mission.
Locations: San Francisco, California / Sunnyvale, California. Posted Jun 19, 2026. Team: Product / Product Management.
Compensation: For SF and Sunnyvale-based roles: base salary range USD $190,000 - $211,000 per year, plus bonus program eligibility, possible equity, 401(k), benefits.
Work arrangement: Offices remain key to collaboration and Uber's culture. Unless approved for full remote work, employees must spend at least 50% of their time in-office.
